document EC filter, fix table (#44)
Rappsilber-Laboratory/xiFDR: README.md

FDR calculations with boosting enabled can take some minutes to conclude.

#### EC-filter

> Ticking the EC-filter box in the complete FDR view enables the EC-filter, which rescores residue pairs based on whether they occur between proteins that are identified with linear peptides or not. See [Fischer&Rappsilber 2024](https://www.embopress.org/doi/full/10.1038/s44320-024-00057-2) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ticking the EC-filter box in the complete FDR view enables the EC-filter, which filters protein herteromeric residue pairs (between) based on whether they occur between proteins that are also identified with crosslinker modified linear peptides or with self links. See [Fischer&Rappsilber 2024](https://www.embopress.org/doi/full/10.1038/s44320-024-00057-2) for more details.
```
